###  26 May 2025
##  Agenda
| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/94) | Tobie |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last SIG call | Tobie |
|  10 | Steering & Spec Committee updates | [SIG Leads][] |
|  15 | | |
|  20 | CRA Expert Group updates | [Expert Group Liaisons][] |
|  25 | - Open source projects type white paper outline ([#240](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/240)) | |
|  30 | ESOs updates | [ESO Liaisons][] |
|  35 | - Vulnerability management TF & [Deliverable 2.2](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/cen-cenelec-wg-9/contribution-pt-3-clause-4-4.md) | |
|  45 | Resource Inventory update ([#228](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/228)) | Inventory TF leads |
|  40 | BSI / FSFE questionnaire update | Tobie |
|  50 | FAQ TF update | FAQ TF leads |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Pending action items

- [X] figure out how to manage non-institutional liaisons e.g. OpenSSF: _should be done by WG member_
- [X] organize PT3 discussion call: _create dedicated task force_
- [X] support PT3 liaisons in providing input to open source software steward section of spec: _[Deliverable 2.2](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/blob/main/cyber-resilience-sig/coordination/cen-cenelec-wg-9/contribution-pt-3-clause-4-4.md)_
- [ ] open PR to add statements on CVEs to deliverables plan & get SIG started on this.
- [X] chase BSI / FSFE questionnaire update: _questionaire now ready to be organized. Are there still volunteers?_
<details>
<summary><b>Participants </b></summary>
 
</details>

[SIG Leads]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#leads
[ESO Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cen-cenelec-wg-9
[Expert Group Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cra-expert-group

  
