###  12 May 2025
##  Agenda
 Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approve previous minutes | Tobie | 2 |
| Steering & Spec Committee updates | SIG Leads | 5 |
| Keeping liaisons organized ([#91](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/91)) | Tobie | 10 |
| ESOs updates | liaisons | 5 |
| CRA Expert Group updates | liaisons | 5 |
| White paper on types of open source projects | Tobie | 10 |
| Statement on CVEs | Tobie | 10 |
| BSI / FSFE questionnaire update | Tobie | 3 |
| AOB | | 5 |
