###  9 June 2025
##  Agenda

<!-- |  10 | Steering & Spec Committee updates | [SIG Leads][] | -->

| Min | Agenda Topics | Moderator |
| --: | ----- | --- |
|   0 | Welcome & approve [previous minutes](https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/pull/103) | Tobie |
|   5 | [Pending action items](#pending-action-items) from last SIG call | Tobie |
|  10 | CRA Expert Group updates | [Expert Group Liaisons][] |
|  15 |  | |
|  20 |  | |
|  25 | ESOs updates | [ESO Liaisons][] |
|  30 |  | |
|  35 | Vulnerability Handling TF update | Vulnerability Handling TF leads |
|  40 | Resource Inventory update ([#228](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-hub/pull/228)) | Inventory TF leads |
|  45 | BSI / FSFE questionnaire update | Tobie |
|  50 | FAQ TF update | FAQ TF leads |
|  55 | AOB | |

## Pending action items

- [ ] Open PR to add statements on CVEs to deliverables plan & get SIG started on this.
- [ ] Continue work on infrastructure facilitating coordination around standardization.
- [ ] Open pull request to create vulnerability handling task force and share on the mailing list.
- [ ] Start thread with volunteers for BSI/FSFE questionnaire


<details>
<summary><b>Participants </b></summary>
 
</details>

[SIG Leads]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#leads
[ESO Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cen-cenelec-wg-9
[Expert Group Liaisons]: https://github.com/orcwg/orcwg/tree/main/cyber-resilience-sig#cra-expert-group

  
