 **Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group** Cyber Resilience SIG - FAQ Task Force

###  16 May 2025
##  Agenda

| Agenda Topics | Moderator | Minutes |
| ----- | ----- | :---: |
| Approve minutes for May 2 meeting | Tobie | 5 |
| Do we want a general policy on providing sources? | Tobie | 15 |
| AOB | | 5 |

[FAQ Project board](https://github.com/orgs/orcwg/projects/7)
